FOLKS, MY
FIRST GUEST TONIGHT IS THE EMMY
AWARD-WINNING ACTOR YOU KNOW
FROM "DO THE RIGHT THING,"
"THE NIGHT OF," AND OF COURSE,
"THE BIG LEBOWSKI."
HE NOW STARS IN "GLORIA BELL."
>> I'M DIVORCED.
>> SO AM I.
>> REALLY?
♪ ♪ ♪
HOW LONG?
>> ONE YEAR.
>> RECENTLY.
>> FINALLY.
>> YES, SOMETIMES IT'S FINALLY.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> I'M TRYING TO... CHANGE
THINGS... LIFE.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
>> GLORIA.
>> Stephen: PLEASE WELCOME BACK
TO "THE LATE SHOW," JOHN
TURTURRO!
♪ ♪ ♪
( APPLAUSE )
♪ DANCE
BOOGIE WONDERLAND
BOOGIE WONDERLAND ♪
>> Stephen: HEY!
>> THANK YOU.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
HEY!
>> Stephen: WELCOME BACK.
>> GOOD TO SEE YOU.
>> Stephen: HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
>> I'VE BEEN BUSY, WORKING.
>>
>> Stephen: THAT'S NICE.
>> MAKING A LIVING.
>> Stephen: SURE.
>> THAT'S WHAT YOU DO.
YOU HUSTLE FROM JOB TO JOB.
>> Stephen: SURE, ONE FOOT IN
FRONT OF THE OTHER.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> Stephen: EVEN IF YOU'RE
JOHN TURTURRO.
>> THAT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU'RE ONLY AS GOOD AS THE LAST
THING YOU DID.
>> Stephen: EXACTLY!
THE NICE THING ABOUT BEING JOHN
TURTURRO, I IMAGINE, IS YOU'RE
ONLY AS GOOD AS THE LAST THING
YOU DID, BUT YOU'RE GOOD AT
EVERYTHING YOU DO.
>> WELL --
>> Stephen: IT'S TRUE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
NAME ONE THING.
>> I TRIED.
>> Stephen: I DARE YOU TO NAME
ONE THING JOHN TURTURRO IS NOT
GOOD AT.
>> I'M NOT GOING TO NAME IT.
>> Stephen: YOU HAVE ONE IN
MIND?
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: WE'LL RIGHT IT
DOWN.
ZEAL A QUIZ LATER.
>> THERE ARE THINGS I LIKE
BETTER THAN THE OTHER THING.
>> Stephen: WE HAD YOUR
COSTAR, JULIANE MOORE, ON HERE A
WHILE AGO.
AND SHE WAS TALKING ABOUT WHAT A
GREAT DANCER YOU ARE.
THERE'S DANCING IN THIS MOVIE.
>> YOU'RE A REALLY GOOD DANCER,
TOO.
I'VE SEEN--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
NO.
YOU'RE LIKE KIND OF --
>> Stephen: I'M BETTER
SOMETIMES THAN OTHERS.
BUT I'M NOT GOING TO NAME--
>> EROT GLIK I TOOK COTILLION.
>> I'VE SEEN YOU MOVE.
YOU'RE GOOD.
>> Stephen: THANK YOU VERY
MUCH.
WELL, I'VE SEEN YOU MOVE, TOO.
WHERE DID YOU GET YOUR DANCING
SKILLS?
>> IN THE BASEMENT,UN WHAT I
MEAN?
YOU KNOW --
>> Stephen: BY YOURSELF.
>> ETTA JAMES SONG IN THE
BASEMENT.
>> Stephen: OH, SURE.
>> MEAN, I WAS ALWAYS-- I WAS
ALWAYS-- EVERYONE WAS ALWAYS
DANCING IN MY HOUSEHOLD.
>> Stephen: OH, YEAH.
>> AND MY MOTHER WAS A REALLY
GOOD DANCER.
MY BROTHERS, AND, YOU KNOW, WE
HAD ALL KINDS OF MUSIC ON.
AND SO I GREW UP IN HOLLIS,
QUEENS, AND I REMEMBER MY
FRIEND, WAYNE, YOU KNOW, HE
TAUGHT ME TO HULA HOOP AND TWIST
TO, LIKE, CHUBBY CHECKER.
AND I WAS, LIKE, THREE OR FOUR
YEARS OLD.
SO I'VE BEEN DANCING EVER SINCE
AND I STUDIED DANCE OFF AND ON.
>> Stephen: LIKE BALLET?
>> MODERN, JAZZ, YOU KNOW,.
>> Stephen: WOW.
DO YOU HAVE JAZZ HANDS?
DO YOU HAVE JAZZ HANDS.
>> YEAH.
YOU KNOW, THAT KIND OF STUFF.
>> Stephen: YOU CAN HAM BOW?
>> I AM HAMBO!
>> Stephen:
>> AND, LIKE, OH, BROTHER,
CHICKEN DANCE.
I LIKE MIEWSMED.
MOVEMENT YOU.>> Stephen: HAVE D
LOT OF THE MOVIES YOU'VE BEEN
IN.
WE HAVE A CLIPAVE FEW OF YOUR
DANCES RIGHT HERE.
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: THAT DANCE, HOW
DID THAT COME ABOUT?
WHAT?
>> Stephen: CAN I ASK YOU
ABOUT THAT?
ALL OF THOSE ARE GOOD, BUS BUTT,
OBVIOUSLY, THE JESUS--
>> THAT'S THE HOMOHAMMED ALI
DANCE.
WHEN MUHAMMAD ALI WOULD KNOCK
GUYS DOWN HE WOULD DANCE BACK
AFTERWARDS.
I TOLD JOEL I WANTED TO BE AN
ALI SHUFFLE KIND OF DANCE, AND
THEY PUT IT IN SLOW MOTION.
>> Stephen: WITH THE FOOT
GRAB, TOO?
THAT'S THE KEY, THE FOOT GRAB.
DO YOU STILL HAVE IT?
>> YOU HAVE TO GO BACKWARDS.
>> Stephen: COULD YOU SEECH
ME?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> SO YOU'RE GOING THIS WAY.
SO YOU THROW THE BALL.
>> Stephen: LIKE THIS.
>> IT'S MORE LIKE YOU'RE GOING
LIKE... YOU KNOW, LIKE THAT.
YEAH.
>> YOU GOTTA GO LIKE... YOU KNOW
WHOA!
YOU GOTTA GET-- YOU GOTTA GET,
LIKE, THE HIMSELF.
( APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: MAESTRO.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> YOU GOTTA HAVE A SLIDING--
YOU KNOW, SHOES ON ARE
IMPORTANT, AND THE FLOOR.
>> Stephen: I FEEL TOUGH.
I FEEL VERY TOUGH RIGHT NOW,
OKAY.
>> JAMES BROWN ALWAYS HAD THOSE
SLIDING SHOES.
THAT'S WHY HE COULD DO THOSE.
>> Stephen: THAT'S ONLY REASON
I'M NOT LIKE JAMES BROWN RIGHT
NOW BECAUSE I HAVE RUBBERIZED
SHOES.
>> JAMES BROWN HAD THE LITTLE
AND HE DID THAT...
>> Stephen: SURE, LIKE SLIDE.
>> HE WOULD DO THAT.
YOU KNOW.
THAT'S REALLY-- HE'S-- HE WAS
ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
>> Stephen: JAMES BROWN?
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> Stephen: DID YOU DANCE LIKE
JAMES BROWN AS I CHILD?
>> I TRIED TO DANCE LIKE JAMES
BROWN, SURE.
EVERYBODY WAS-- THE BEST THING
ABOUT JAMES BROWN WAS AFTER HE
DID THE DANCE, WHEN HE
COLLAPSED.
YOU KNOW, WHEN HE WAS ON HIS
KNEES LIKE THIS.
>> Stephen: AND CAME OUT WITH
THE CAPE.
>> HE WOULD COME UP AGAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
BUT HE'S-- YOU KNOW, HE HAD
GREAT FOOTWORK.
>> Stephen: I WANT SOMEONE TO
PUT A CAPE ON ME WHEN I PERFORM.
>> YOU SHOULD HAVE A CAPE.
YOU SHOULD HAVE A GUY WITH A
CAPE.
>> Stephen: WHY DON'T I HAVE A
GUY WITH A CAPE WHEN I COLLAPSE
DURING THE MONOLOGUE.
I'LL PROVIDE THE CAPE.
>> HE WAS A BOXER.
HE WAS A BOXER, JAMES BROWN.
HE HAD ALL THOSE BOXING
FOOTWORK, YEAH SPP AND HE HAD
AGREEMENT FOOTWORK.
>> Stephen: DID YOU FIGHT?
DID YOU EVER FIGHT?
>> YEAH, I BOXED.
>> Stephen: SEMIPRO.
>> NO, POLICE ATHLETIC LEAGUE.
MY FATHER WAS AN AMATEUR
FIGHTER.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
>> AND I USED TO BOX WITH HIM
ALL THE TIME.
AND I WENT TO KIND OF A ROUGH
SCHOOL, AND I HAD TO, LIKE,
REALLY LEARN TO BOX.
SO --
>> Stephen: ON THE FLY.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> Stephen: THE MOVIE "GLORIA
BELL," AGAIN WITH JULIANE MOORE.
IT'S ABOUT A BUDDING
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU TWO.
WHAT WAS JOHN TURTURRO'S-- WHAT
WAS YOUR BUDDING ROMANCE LIKE?
WHAT WERE YOUR FIRST DATES LIKE?
>> MY FIRST DATES?
USUALLY I WOULD ASK SOMEBODY OUT
WHEN I WAS DANCING.
I REMEMBER KISSING A REALLY
BEAUTIFUL GIRL IN HIGH SCHOOL.
AND SHE WAS-- SHE WAS
UNBELIEVABLY BEAUTIFUL.
BUT SHE WAS THE WORST KISSER,
YOU KNOW.
I MEAN I DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO
KISS, EITHER.
>> Stephen: SURE.
>> BUT IT WAS LIKE AIR KISSES OR
SOMETHING.
AND I REMEMBER, I WAS, LIKE, I
SAID, "IF THIS IS WHAT KISSING
IS, I DON'T KNOW.
MAKE THIS IS NOT FOR ME."
>> Stephen: I'M OUT.
>> AND I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED.
>> Stephen: OH.
>> BUT IT'S A WHOLE-- THAT'S A
WEIRD THING, YOU KNOW, GETTING
TO KNOW SOMEONE.
IT'S TRIAL AND ERROR.
UNTIL YOU MEET SOMEONE WHO YOU
SORT OF CONNECT WITH.
>> Stephen: YEAH, THIS IS GOOD
ADVICE FOR THE YOUNG PEOPLE OUT
THERE.
>> THAT'S RIGHT, YOU HAVE TO --
>> Stephen: SURE, TRIAL AND
ERROR.
DON'T JUST SETTLE DOWN.
>> IT JUST DOESN'T HAPPEN.
IT JUST DOESN'T HAPPEN.
>> Stephen: PUT SOME EFFORT
INTO IT.
AND SOMETIMES WHEN PEOPLE ARE
BAD KISSERS--
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
AND SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO LEARN.
AND SOMETIMES SOMEONE TEACHES
THE OTHER PERSON.
>> Stephen: WHO TAUGHT YOU?
WHO TAUGHT YOU?
>> SHE KNOWS WHO SHE IS.
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: "GLORIA BELL" IS IN
THEATERS NOW.
JOHN TURTURRO, EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH STAR OF
STAGE AND SCREEN, ANDREW
RANNELLS.